Have you also performed on stage?
Will Dasao still be able to play the piano?
Why didn't I know?
You, a Poluohu man, can't even afford a horn piano.
Do you still dare to perform on stage?
Even if you want to be in the limelight, do a big cleaning
Are there different occasions? What if I mess up?
How dare you do it? I can’t talk about piano
But can I go on stage to teach you about the law?
Doesn't this work either?
Look at you, you insist on going up to embarrass yourself
Then I won’t stop you?
Of course Yun Qi and I have no objections.
Okay, they are all opinion makers
Then the three of you will go on stage together.
In order for us to pay attention first
That military fool is very tall
Meng Guo was shocked by the good deeds of this golden-headed girl, right? Taipei said
This school is really famous